okay sherlock you're up
eric samantha and charlotte were playing
volleyball on the beach
it was pretty hot and one of the friends
invited the others to go swimming in the
sea
one of them can't go swimming because
well they're a robot
okay can you guess who
it's samantha first she's the only one
who's not sweaty or red in the cheeks
because of the heat
plus it might seem like she's wearing a
small necklace
but it's actually a usb port it helps
her stay plugged in you know
jane was riding the bus back from work
she was tired after a long day
but she couldn't sit down because it was
so packed
some of the other passengers were acting
strangely and she was worried that they
might have been zombies
which passengers are zombies
there are two zombies on the bus the man
on the right has a bandage on his arm
and the woman next to the window is
making groaning noises
um i can get off here no really
josh loves to make beds with his friends
last friday
he bet them that he could place a bottle
in the middle of the room
and easily crawl into it this time
nobody thought he had any chance of
completing the challenge
so josh's friends were certain they
would win
but somehow josh won the bet again
how did he manage to do it
he said he could place a bottle in the
room and crawl into it
he didn't mention whether he was going
to crawl into the bottle or the room
though
so he crawled into the room without any
problem
and won the bet oh that crazy josh
on the table there's a row of six cups
the first three
are empty but cups number four five and
six
are full you need to change the order so
that the empty and full cups
alternate you can only touch one cup
and you can't push or move the cups with
the help of another cup
how do you do it
[Music]
grab cup number five and pour the water
into cup two
then put it back mary was walking in the
woods and saw a really fancy castle in
the distance
it was getting late so she thought she
might ask to stay the night there
when she knocked on the door though it
was answered by a troll
and he really didn't like intruders he
captured her and locked her up in a
dungeon with two guards
the troll told her that she could escape
if she solved a puzzle
there are two doors in the room one is
locked and the other leads to freedom
the guards know which door will set mary
free but
she can ask them only one question one
of the guards always tells the truth
and the other always lies i have friends
like that
mary doesn't know which one can be
trusted and only has
one chance to win her freedom what
question should she ask
if mary says if i ask your colleague to
show me the way to freedom
what door will it be no matter which
guard replies
they will show the locked door one will
lie and show the wrong door
and the one who doesn't lie would also
show the wrong door
since it would be chosen by the one who
lies
this way mary knows the wrong door and
she needs to choose the other one
you have two ropes and a box of matches
if you light
both sides of the rope it'll burn for 60
minutes
how can you use these ropes to measure
45 minutes
[Music]
you need to burn one of the ropes from
both sides
at the same time you set light to one
side of the second rope
when the first rope burns down the
second rope will still have 30 minutes
to go
now you need to set on fire at the
second end of the rope
it'll burn two times faster and you'll
burn both ropes in 45 minutes
and what's going to happen in 45 minutes
is still a mystery
everyone in town thought jack was silly
because
every time someone offered him a choice
between a 50 cent coin or a one dollar
bill
he would always choose the 50 cent coin
people
all over town would give him the same
offer to see if he would ever learn
he never grabbed the bill one time the
people in the town
didn't realize that jack was actually a
genius
what was so smart about what jack was
doing
[Music]
jack was actually really smart because
he got everyone in the town to shower
him with free money
as long as he continued to choose the
less valuable option
people would come and try this trick on
him over and over again
see that car jack's been refusing one
dollar bills for over 10 years now
and he saved up enough money to get a
car
three men were trying to decide who was
the smartest among them
a random passerby offered to help he
said he would give them a riddle
and whoever managed to crack it could
call themselves the smartest
he said you see these five caps in my
hands
three of them are black and two are
white close your eyes
the three men close their eyes he put a
black cap on each
of them and hid the two white caps in
the bag
now you can open your eyes whoever
guesses the color of the cap he is
wearing is the smartest
the men spent ages looking at each other
trying to crack the riddle
suddenly one of them worked it out and
shouted i'm wearing a black cap
now how did he guess
oh well he didn't actually guess he
tried to think logically
but there was no logical answer so he
looked at his reflection in a nearby
puddle
you find yourself in a photo gallery
after looking at the wall
you realize that one of the pictures
doesn't belong
you see a raccoon a llama a football
and a balloon can you tell which is the
odd one
out you have seven seconds to guess
it's the llama picture the other three
objects have two double letters in their
names
but the llama only has one double
there's a barrel of water in the yard
you look inside
and say that it's more than half full
but your friend
argues that it's less than half full how
do you figure out who's right
without using any tools or removing
water from the barrel
tilt the barrel so the water just about
touches its rim
if you can see the bottom the barrel's
less than half full
if the base is still covered with water
it's more than half full you find
yourself
in the middle of a forest with three
paths in front of you
one is covered with scalding lava
another is littered with sharp nails and
broken glass
and the third path is so cold that it
feels like you're in antarctica
which path should you choose
pick the third path it's bound to warm
up so
it's so close to the lava that the ice
will melt in a few seconds
john was at home sitting in his chair
with a book
all of a sudden his wife's super
expensive statue
fell and broke in their bedroom he ran
into the room in time to see a stranger
jump out the window and run away
john tried to chase him but his glasses
fogged up because of the coal
so he couldn't identify the intruder
when the police arrived
they listened to his story and
immediately knew he was lying
why were they so sure
anyone who wears glasses knows that they
don't fog up when you go from a warm
room to the cold outdoors
it's the other way around the man made
the story up
because he didn't want to admit that
he'd broken the statue himself
one day a man got caught in the pouring
rain
unfortunately he had nothing to keep
himself dry
not even a hat or an umbrella somehow
not a single hair on his head got wet
why is this
well the man was bald you have three
matches
can you make a six out of them without
breaking them into pieces
who said the number has to be a standard
six
the matches made a perfect roman numeral
three
right from the get-go so all you have to
do
is push the bottoms of the first two
matches together into a v
and you've got a roman numeral six
let's imagine you don't know what an
elephant looks like
one day you're going on a safari to
watch animals with your friends
one of them points at a rhino and tells
you it's an elephant
the other shows you a hippo and claim
that it's an elephant
who would you believe and why
you didn't know what an elephant looked
like but that doesn't mean
you didn't know what a hippo or a rhino
looked like either
you wouldn't believe either of your
friends
it's your first day in the new office
some colleagues don't seem very friendly
and you can't understand why
they also act strangely never have
coffee breaks
and work at least 12 hours a day
a secretary at the reception desk tells
you that their company hires robots
because they work so hard and aren't
addicted to coffee
she tells you to try to stay away from
that and avoid making conversation
because they aren't programmed to talk
to people it's quite easy to tell who's
a robot
can you guess which one's the robot out
of anna
mike and lucy
it's mike he's the only one of the three
with a switch on his right